so I'm going to do something a little
different today for my review I'm
wearing these gorgeous super comfortable
sandals do you do you think nothing all
the areas of your feet so that they
don't rub anywhere so I have to say that
I'm really pleased with these sandals so
if you're looking for a good comfortable
pair of sandals they're also stylish
definitely NAT is on the top of my list
so far for shoes and sandals all styles
they're all super comfortable
they actually is supersoft on the
bottoms of your feet so check them out
man - I honestly can't recommend any
other shoes
I'm pleased with every pair that I've
put on so you're looking for some summer
sandals they have clothes in different
styles I like these because I like to
have a secure heel and these can heal
like a shoe leather is super soft and I
love them even one of the guys there I
took off my shoe so he could size them
up and he was pretty amazed with the
softness of the leather and how nice
these shoes adjust I hope you enjoyed
you can visit my blog at colorful canary
calm don't forget to subscribe to my
youtube channel check out Nant Canada
for all the most comfortable shoes and
sandals that you can find it blows the
styles and thanks for watching